Waterpulse Canada was created and is maintained by Justin Jabrica
https://github.com/JustinJabrica

What started as a simple capstone project at SAIT in Alberta, only covering data surrounding Calgary, inspired me to completely rearchitect the goals of the application from the ground up.  Now covering all public river, reservoir, and lake data across all of Canada, 

Tech Stack
PostgreSQL
Python (FastAPI)
Next.js

Where does the information come from?
(insert info here)

How does the scaling work?
(explain how the percentile thing works)
https://rivers.alberta.ca/
All water levels are expressed in metres (m), and flows in cubic metres per second (m3/s). Timestamps in data tables are formatted as yyyy-mm-dd HH:mm:ss.

Flow (tables) or Recorded flow (graphs): the latest near-real-time flow or discharge value, calculated from the water level using the current rating curve in effect at the station. Note that recorded flows are not available during the winter, due to ice effects on the level-flow relationship. During the winter, only discrete, under-ice flow measurements will be displayed in data tables. At selected stations (e.g., Athabasca River below Ft. McMurray), daily winter flow estimates are also available. These winter flow estimates are based on available historic flow statistics and the most recent onsite flow measurement. Estimates can change significantly when a new onsite flow measurement becomes available.

Total outflow: the latest near-real-time reservoir outflow, representing the sum of all reservoir outflow values, including tunnel, spillway, generator, and bypass flows, if applicable.

Upper quartile (flow, water level, outflow, etc..): the 75th percentile of the data. This represents the value below which 75% of the historical data observations occur.

Lower quartile (flow, water level, outflow, etc..): the 25th percentile daily flow. This represents the value below which 25% of the historical data observations occur.

Normal range (flow, water level, outflow, etc...): This range is defined by the values between the 25th and 75th percentiles


(quick beaufort scale information + link)
https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/general-marine-weather-information/understanding-forecasts/beaufort-wind-scale-table.html

(explain the AQI scale)

UV Index scale

Good for rafting/fishing/swimming scale

Blockages/alerts on rivers ... construction stuff.

Get Ads.
White water rafting people
Renting shops
